Mattermost plugin suggestions (#1)
mattermost/mattermost-plugin-suggestions: README.md

# Mattermost Suggestions Plugin

> [![CircleCI](https://circleci.com/gh/iomodo/mattermost-plugin-suggestions.svg?style=svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/iomodo/mattermost-plugin-suggestions)

Reviewer: You still have here the `iomodo` url instead of the `mattermost` one. (And the same in the next line)

[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/iomodo/mattermost-plugin-suggestions/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/iomodo/mattermost-plugin-suggestions)

This plugin delivers a channel suggestions for the users using [collaborative filtering](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Collaborative_filtering).

> Collaborative filtering is based on user activities. Basically if user `U1` and `U2` happen to be active in channels `C1`, `C2` and `C3`, and user `U3` is active in `C1` and `C2` we can suggest to the user `U3` that he/she will probably be active in channel `C3` as well.

Reviewer 2: Suggest [gender neutral text](https://docs.mattermost.com/process/documentation-guidelines.html#gender-neutral-text) here, and just write:
```suggestion
Collaborative filtering is based on user activities. Basically if user `U1` and `U2` happen to be active in channels `C1`, `C2` and `C3`, and user `U3` is active in `C1` and `C2` we can suggest to the user `U3` that they will probably be active in channel `C3` as well.
```

## Features

> * Implementation uses simple KNN method. Later on model could be changed and could be as complicated as it needs to be.

Reviewer 2: Could you link KNN out to a good resource for those unfamiliar with the algorithm?

> * Number of posts is used as the user activity score per channel. This also could be changed for more complicated model.

Reviewer 2: Grammar suggestion:
```
* Number of posts is used as the user activity score per channel. This also could be changed for a more complicated model.
```

* Suggestions are precalculated. A job is spawned in OnActivate() method which calculates suggestions daily and saves them in KVStore.
* One can change precalculation period in the configuration.

## Installation

> > git clone https://github.com/iomodo/mattermost-plugin-suggestions.git

Reviewer 2: nit: let's update this to reflect the new repository location

> > git clone https://github.com/iomodo/mattermost-plugin-suggestions.git

Reviewer: here too

> cd mattermost-plugin-suggestions

> make

> `suggestions-0.1.0.tar.gz` will be generated in the `mattermost-plugin-suggestions/dist` folder. This file should be uploaded in the mattermost admin console. See details [here](https://docs.mattermost.com/administration/plugins.html#plugin-uploads)

Reviewer 2: nit, let's capitalize `Mattermost`:
```suggestion
`suggestions-0.1.0.tar.gz` will be generated in the `mattermost-plugin-suggestions/dist` folder. This file should be uploaded in the Mattermost admin console. See details [here](https://docs.mattermost.com/administration/plugins.html#plugin-uploads)
```

But I'm actually wondering if we can just simplify this to be version agnostic, or reference the `make deploy` target or some such.

Reviewer 3: We also usually refer to it as the System Console in the UI, even if the code calls it the admin console
```suggestion
`suggestions-0.1.0.tar.gz` will be generated in the `mattermost-plugin-suggestions/dist` folder. This file should be uploaded in the Mattermost System Console. See details [here](https://docs.mattermost.com/administration/plugins.html#plugin-uploads)
```

## Usage

> Trigger of the suggestion is the slash command `/suggest channels`. Other triggers will be added later.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Trigger the suggestion via the slash command `/suggest channels`. Other triggers may be added later.
```

## Future Work
* Change user activity score and add more features.

> * Implement couple of other machine learning models

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Implement other machine learning models
```

> * Collect user data, perform tests and validation, optimize parameters, improve RMSE

Reviewer 2: nit: perhaps write out (I'm guessing) Root Mean Square Error?

#### Nice to have methods in Mattermost Plugin API

> * `func (p *Plugin) GetAllUsers(page, perPage int) ([]*model.User, *model.AppError)`

Reviewer 2: Great suggestions!
